[PUBLISH: 2/5] update limits value (#15728)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/query-your-data/nrql-new-relic-query-language/nrql-query-tutorials/subquery-joins.mdx

## Limitations [#subquery-join-limitations]

* The joined subquery will continue to have a default [`LIMIT`](#sel-limit) of 10, with a

> maximum `LIMIT` of 5000. Note that the outer query's `LIMIT` doesn't affect the inner query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
maximum `LIMIT` of 5,000. Note that the outer query's `LIMIT` doesn't affect the inner query.
```

      src={nrqlJoinTuturialAggregatesJoined}
    />

>    Include `LIMIT MAX` in the inner subquery to maximize the number of results joined to the outer query. The current max result limit is 5000 rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Include `LIMIT MAX` in the inner subquery to maximize the number of results joined to the outer query. The current max result limit is 5,000 rows.
```

>     Tip: Include LIMIT MAX in the inner subquery to maximize the number of results joined to the outer query. The current max result limit is 5000 rows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Include `LIMIT MAX` in the inner subquery to maximize the number of results joined to the outer query. The current max result limit is 5000 rows.
```
